an old man was fishing by the river his
faithful dog was also lying next to him
it was very peaceful until there were
three teenagers carrying guns
came from behind and wanted to rob him
the old man was still very calm
i have no money but suddenly the young
man who was holding the gun shoot at the
dog
[Music]
satisfied to see the dog suffered next
time don't forget to bring the money
he said after that he laughed wildly and
left
the old man was ludlow and every day he
had only two hobbies
fishing and walking the dog he was so
shocked seeing his dog get shot
dumb founded for a moment ludlow hurried
to bring his dog to the hospital
but because the bullet hit its head it
couldn't make it ludlow quietly buried
the dog
the friend who has been beside him for
years was suddenly gone he would surely
have to find justice for his dog
the gun that the young man used was the
browning ledlo had been looking
everywhere following this clue
he went to ask a gun dealer up in his
town about the blonde boy who bought the
browning
very soon he got the news the shop owner
usually would not disclose the
customer's information but when he heard
the story
the shop owner changed his mind he also
raised a dog
once he went hunting and was injured in
the middle of the forest the dog was
always by his side and found someone to
come to save them
that's the reason why he was still alive
the boss knows that for a lot of people
a dog is not just an animal
ludlow found out who bought the gun his
name was johnny he came with his father
to get that gun
looking at their clothes they must be
rich very quickly ledlo reached out to
mark
johnny's father but he did not believe
that his son would rob others
but ludlow has enough evidence he
clearly remembered each and every one of
them
mark laughed and frankly asked how much
money do you want
ludlow said no this is not about money i
want to get justice for my dog
also reminded mark to teach his son well
mark lost patience
i don't need you to tell me what to do
then he called johnny to confront him
who would have thought that he was very
calm
said he did not know ledlo and never
killed the dog you heard that
mark wanted ludlow to leave right away
now that ludlow understood what was
going on
mark was covering for his son at that
moment he suddenly turned his head to
ask the boy who stood next to johnny
you are harold right i heard them
mention your name at least you felt
guilty because you still have a
conscience if you can tell the truth
how good it would be harold was scared
but still tried to defend himself
now it is impossible to settle this
ludlow came to his friend who was a
lawyer
since there is no evidence of the
robbery and animals are only considered
as possessions so if he prosecutes the
perpetrator will
only be locked up for 10 days and find
ludlow could not believe that the
sentence would be that easy this was
killing
not mistreating the animal anymore but
with current law it was only possible to
handle the case like that
the lawyer actually couldn't understand
why he wanted to do it just because of a
dog
for ledlo his dog was like a family
member and it is also the only thing his
wife left him
he still wanted to prosecute so he
persisted to find the last one
peter his family background is very
normal johnny also informed him in
advance so he didn't even show up
his mother firmly said her child was not
there keep talking for a while
his mother said that his son did not
take the shot he was innocent
but actually
so
[Music]
so threatened and forced to leave the
journalist was also warned by her boss
to stop the article
it was mark for sure ludlow's path to
find justice seemed to have been stopped
friends advised him to stop but he was
determined to do it
actually the reason he insisted on doing
this was not just because of the dog
he has two children his family was very
happy but his oldest son ran away from
home
once he returned to ask for money
ludlow's wife refused
he then beat his own mother and angrily
burned the house as a result his young
son died on the spot
his wife only lived a few days longer
for now ludlow can only think of a
different way
and he stalks on the three young guys
they still live happily as usual
once ludlow blocked the three of them
this time he turned to provoke johnny as
expected he got angry
aggressively picked up the baseball bat
intending to hit ledlo
but unfortunately ludlow was once a
soldier the boy johnny could not stand a
chance
he got beaten up within just a few hits
many people saw this
ludlow's act was just self-defense he
warned johnny if no one taught him to be
a person
he will unexpectedly the next day
ludlow's store was burned
it was them again but the police again
said that there was no evidence
and they cannot prosecute this incident
last night was harold's birthday
he and johnny had evidence of not being
at the scene a lot of witnesses saw them
at their house
but what about peter ludlow went to his
house this time his father insisted that
peter was not at home
ludlow looked at the builders outside
knowing that they also had been bribed
themselves
gone through all of that ludlow was
furious he sat in the car trembling
because of anger
he just wants to find justice why is it
so difficult for them just to apologize
ludlow has not given up yet the next day
he took the body of the dog to johnny's
house
it was rotting and gave off a very awful
smell ludlow did not care anymore
the best evidence was there how would
they want to deny it it was at this
moment that johnny and his family came
out
they even carried guns johnny agitated
to take a gun and threatened level but
his gun was taken immediately
mark was angry let go of my son he took
a gun and shot ledlo's ear
but he did not care about the wound used
johnny to intimidate mark
ludlow wants to bring johnny to town to
confess to his crime
johnny in the car was scared and
apologized but wasn't it too late then
at that time mark drove forward
regardless of the sun sitting inside
he suddenly crashed into lego's park
mark's family thought that ludlow was
dead and hide the dog's body
who would have thought that he was still
alive and came back to find the dog's
body
at this time mark decided to kill the
old man at any cost
shot at him directly meglo also fought
back after a while
everyone was hurt ledlo was seriously
injured but still survived and not
everyone was so lucky
a few months later ludlow has been fully
recovered the journalist brought him a
cute little puppy
at first he didn't want to accept it
because he was too old but when he saw
the dog clinging to him
he couldn't help but smile happily this
is a profound story was about a man's
journey to revenge and find justice for
his dog
for some people the dogs that they
raised are no different from family
members
if you have dogs please treat them well